add `-ProtocolVersion` option description (#2981)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/reference/cli-reference/cli-ref-sources.md

  Comma-separated list of valid authentication types for this source. By default, all authentication types are valid. Example: `basic,negotiate`.

- **`-ProtocolVersion`**

>   The NuGet server protocol version to be used. The current version is "3". Supported in NuGet 3.0+. Defaults to "2" if not specified.

Reviewer: The "Supported in NuGet 3.0+" could be interpreated as saying that protocol version 3 is supported in NuGet 3.0+, or that the `-ProtocolVersion` option is supported in NuGet 3.0+.  However, `-ProtocolVersion` won't be supported until NuGet 6.5 or 6.6, depending when the PR gets merged.

Given that this is a brand new option, and many customers reading the docs might still be using older versions of NuGet (especially when their CI system defaults to some older version, or they have build scripts that use specific versions), I think it's worthwhile mentioning which version of nuget.exe this is supported in.

Author: Thanks @zivkan.
I've updated the decription and also noted that option will be available only from specific version. For now, I've set the version as `6.6`. Let's see when the PR gets merged.

  Comma-separated list of valid authentication types for this source. By default, all authentication types are valid. Example: `basic,negotiate`.

- **`-ProtocolVersion`**

>   The NuGet server protocol version to be used. Currently supported versions are `2` and `3`. Defaults to `2` if not specified. See [NuGet Server API](../../api/overview.md) for information about the version 3 protocol.

Reviewer 2: Do we need a clarification that if the source ends with `index.json`, it'll be v3 automatically? 

IMO we should say, default is automatic infererence, which is 3 if the source url ends with `.json`, 2 otherwise.

Reviewer: I think that's also confusing, depending on how you interpret it (trying to put myself in the mind of someone who knows almost nothing about nuget). If you do `dotnet nuget update source mySource -s https://contoso.com/nuget/v3/index.json`, NuGet does not put `protocolVersion="3"` in the nuget.config.

Also, if you explicitly write `protocolVersion="2"` in the nuget.config, but the URL ends in `/index.json`, then NuGet's going to use Version 3 anyway, which I think is a bug, but would require Client SDK API breaking changes to fix.

```suggestion
  The NuGet server protocol version to be used.
  See [NuGet.Config's packageSources documentation](../nuget-config-file.md#packagesources) for more information.
```

I'm not 100% sure I got the file path correct. Normally when writing docs, I use VSCode's Markdown extension to auto-complete links for me.

>   Available in NuGet command line from version 6.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Available in NuGet command line from version 6.8.
```

sorry we took so long to get your PR merged 😞

nuget sources Enable -Name "nuget.org"

> nuget sources add -name foo.bar -source C:\NuGet\local -username foo -password bar -StorePasswordInClearText -configfile %AppData%\NuGet\my.config -ProtocolVersion 2

Author: Update pushed.
